{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
Notes for the scripts:\
\
\
-	It is necessary to install Python and R in order to run the evaluation\
	scripts. All packages that are queried are named in the header of the\
	code, and these may also require installation. You also may want to \
	install Fiji by ImageJ and its Plug-In \'82ThunderSTORM\'91.\
\
	Links: \
\
	- R and RStudio (both):	\
		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://posit.co/download/rstudio-desktop/"}}{\fldrslt https://posit.co/download/rstudio-desktop/}}\
\
	- Anaconda for Python & Jupyter Notebook:\
		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.anaconda.com/"}}{\fldrslt https://www.anaconda.com}}\
\
	- Fiji & ThunderSTORM:\
		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://imagej.net/software/fiji/"}}{\fldrslt https://imagej.net/software/fiji/}}\
		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://zitmen.github.io/thunderstorm/"}}{\fldrslt https://zitmen.github.io/thunderstorm/}}\
\
\
\
-	It is necessary to create a directory within the R script in which the\
	data is to be saved prior to executing the code. This directory is\
	referenced by the R script as "Ripley&PCF_v9.R" and must be specified at	the outset of the code.\
\
\
-	The pipeline for evaluation is as follows:\
\
	1. 	To ascertain the localization of points, one may utilize 'SMLM.ipynb'\
		via TIFF stacks, 'ThunderSTORM,' or 'Find Maxima' via individual\
		images (in Fiji) or an alternative program.\
\
	2. 	Localizations may be stored in a number of different formats.\
		Nevertheless, two representations of the point processes are of 		particular significance in the evaluation process.\
\
		1.	A .csv file with header, 'X' in the first column and 'Y' in the\
			second column, so that the coordinate pairs of a point are noted			line by line in the .csv file.\
		2.	The matrix representation from 'SMLM.ipynb' as a .csv file.\
\
		-	In order to determine the persistent homologies, it is necessary\
			to utilize the coordinate matrices provided in the 'SMLM.ipynb' \
			script. The aforementioned matrices are generated by the \
			'SMLM.ipynb' script and stored in the 'smlm' folder, \
			specifically in the 'Orte' subfolder. The 'Ripley&PCF_v9.R' \
			script employs scatter plots, Ripley's functions, and pair \
			correlation functions (PCF) and requires the matrices generated \
			in step 2.1.\
\
	3. 	The coordinate matrices from section 2.1 can be imported into the \
		Ripley&PCF_v9.R file subsequent to the commencement of the Shiny \
		application. Subsequently, the results are plotted. The tabular \
		listing of the results is presented below. To save all displayed \
		images and the table in the desired directory, select the "Save" \
		button.\
\
	4. 	In contrast to the 'Ripley&PCF_v9.R' file, the \
		'Persistent-homology.ipynb' file is capable of reading and evaluating \
		multiple data records simultaneously. The program requires a data \
		storage location, which can be selected via the graphical user \
		interface (GUI). The resulting data are stored in the specified \
		directory.\
\
\
\
}